you
I'm making Indian naan bread flatbread
that's cold
not very easy and I keep repeating every
time I watch my videos I start by saying
it's very easy very simple and it is I
always go for fast quick and delicious
tasting food and in general everything
anyways we're gonna start making dough
and we need some yogurt water and make
sure that you've got this room
temperature and water is warm and if the
yogurt is cold just add hot water on it
and it will become just the temperature
we need just give it a quick mix some
honey not too many ingredients honey all
right
and for that rice just mix it in to
incorporate everything together and we
need some salt one and a half tablespoon
and always mix after adding ingredient
of course it's a bright we need and I'm
always using instant yeast for most of
my breads because we don't have to
activate it
another quick mix and we can start
adding our flour oh and I forgot the
olive oil about 2 tablespoon or so I
forgot an ingredient
we can start adding in the flour and we
need as much flour as it needs to become
a soft but not sticky dough
it should take probably three and a half
four depending on what kind of yogurt
you use you can I'm using full fat by
the way
and don't add three and a half cups of
flour at once just add as you go if you
need more when it's already starting to
come together just start adding the
flour little by little you don't wanna
add extra flour and have Steve bread and
I'm using regular all-purpose flour if
you want you can also use whole wheat
flour just substitute another crowd or
just use instead of all-purpose use
let's say 2 cups all-purpose when you
have cup whole wheat again that's your
preference this should be good to go on
my meat on my surface so I can knead
with my hands and when I'm done with the
dough I'll come back and show you the
rest
my dog is ready and it will go into
lightly greased roll for an hour just to
make sure it doubles in size cover it
with plastic or damp towel and let it
and involvement place in your kitchen
mine is my microwave and I already
prepared another one earlier so I'm
gonna use that straw to show you how I
make my naan bread this one has been
about two hours and it looks really
ready doubled in size all those nice
bubbles just like the spring cup your
working surface with flour through me
soft and mushy and I'm going to make
eight eight bread you can make ten
probably if you want to make smaller if
you want to measure them or weight them
with your kitchen scale that's fine
I'm using my three scale which is this
method
I can already tell this is how much and
this is very soft and mushy both so if
it doesn't if it sticks just add some
eight nine offs okay I made all right
just be right this one into please wait
with my skill this is they don't have to
be perfectly sized and I don't even make
them evenly shaped okay and you will
take one and with your hands I don't
even use a rolling pin for this bread
I'm just gonna shape it as mom broke it
which is half elongated or half round
uneven but like very unique uniquely
shaped flour bread it's like so and at
this point you can start preheating your
nonstick skillet because we're going to
make this on on top of yeah but we're
not baking this actually inside the oven
we're making this on top of the oven
just stretch and pull shape it if you
want to use rolling pin to make them
even the circle shaped it's up to you I
never make that for my right this
especially
I mean I never use it okay I'll just
continue and finish this and when I come
back we'll continue baking alright
everything is done it can now go to my
already preheated skillet and it should
be 375 to barely 400 degrees so you
don't burn them and just like so crap
one try one
you don't have to have to like I'm doing
now it's just to finish faster and then
you bake pretty quickly so keep an eye
I just lord
and as they bake I will show you how I
made my butter to brush them so let me
just quickly take a look well it's not
almost getting ready so quickly i melted
some butter come on cameraman okay I
have two tablespoons of butter I'm
adding some curry probably less than a
teaspoon
oops if you like it spicy cayenne and
some garlic this is enough and with your
brush just quickly mix it and we're
going to brush the bread with this curry
sauce see how nice and bubbly they are
it's time to try them on the other side
so you get less time with him three
minutes my breads are ready that's it
I'm just gonna brush them with butter
when they're done and that's it as
simple as this and if you don't like
butter with garlic or curry just leave
it out it's an option of spice
almost ready just watch them not to burn
well within less than eight minutes my
nuns are ready I'm just gonna quickly
brush them with some God garlic butter
and curry mix lightly drizzle them with
partly finely chopped and then serve the
water hot
they are irresistible they smell so good
that's it I hope you guys try it and I
hope you join me for my next video and
remember to subscribe thank you
you